Update APM agent instructions (#3587)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/apm/tab-widgets/install-agents.asciidoc

*Add the agent dependency to your project*

Add the Elastic APM iOS Agent to your Xcode project or your `Package.swift`.

Here are instructions for adding a https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift_packages/adding_package_dependencies_to_your_app[package dependency] to a standard Xcode project.

Details of adding dependencies to your Package.swift can be found on https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/creating_a_standalone_swift_package_with_xcode#3578941['Add a Dependency on Another Swift Package'].
Below is a helpful code-snippet:

`package.swift`:
[source,swift,linenums,highlight=2;10]
----
Package(
    dependencies:[
         .package(name: "apm-agent-ios", url: "https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-ios.git", from: "1.0.0"),
    ],
  targets:[
    .target(
        name: "MyApp",
        dependencies: [
            .product(name: "ElasticApm", package: "apm-agent-ios")
        ]
    ),
])
----

*Initialize the agent*

If you're using `SwiftUI` to build your app add the following to your `App.swift`:

> [source,swift,linenums,swift,highlight=2;4..15;19]

Reviewer: What does `highlight=2;4..15;19` do? I've never seen that before and I can't tell in the rendered result. 🤔

Author: How very interesting. Looks like this is supported by [Asciidoctor](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/verbatim/highlight-lines/#highlight-attribute) but likely stripped out by our build at some point. I'm not sure why Bryce has added those. I can remove them.

Author: Fixed in b4f3240

*3. Configure*

Different application servers have different ways of setting the `-javaagent` flag and system properties.
Start your application (for example a Spring Boot application or other embedded servers) and add the `-javaagent` JVM flag.
Use the `-D` prefix to configure the agent using system properties:

[source,bash]
----
java -javaagent:/path/to/elastic-apm-agent-<version>.jar -Delastic.apm.service_name=my-cool-service -Delastic.apm.application_packages=org.example,org.another.example -Delastic.apm.server_url=http://127.0.0.1:8200 -jar my-application.jar
----

See {apm-java-ref-v}/setup-javaagent.html[Manual setup with `-javaagent` flag] to learn more.

*Alternate setup methods*

* **Automatic setup with `apm-agent-attach-cli.jar`** +
  Automatically set up the agent without needing to alter the configuration of your JVM or application server. No application code
  nor JVM options changes required, allows attaching to a running JVM. Refer to the {apm-java-ref-v}/setup-attach-cli.html[Java agent documentation] for more information on this setup method.
* **Programmatic API setup to self-attach** +

>   Set up the agent with a one-line code change and an extra `apm-agent-attach` dependency. No modification of JVM options,
>   the agent artifact is embedded within the packaged application binary. Refer to the {apm-java-ref-v}/setup-attach-api.html[Java agent documentation] for more information on this setup method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Set up the agent with a one-line code change and an extra `apm-agent-attach` dependency. This method requires no changes to JVM options, and
  the agent artifact is embedded within the packaged application binary. Refer to the {apm-java-ref-v}/setup-attach-api.html[Java agent documentation] for more information on this setup method.
```

// tag::java[]

There are three different ways to set up the Elastic APM Java Agent:

. **Manual setup with `-javaagent` flag** +
  Manually set up and configure the agent with the `-javaagent` JVM option. No application code change required, requires
application restart. See below for more information on this setup method.
. **Automatic setup with `apm-agent-attach-cli.jar`** +
  Automatically set up the agent without needing to alter the configuration of your JVM or application server. No application code
  nor JVM options changes required, allows attaching to a running JVM. Refer to the {apm-java-ref-v}/setup-attach-cli.html[Java agent documentation] for more information on this setup method.
. **Programmatic API setup to self-attach** +
  Set up the agent with a one-line code change and an extra `apm-agent-attach` dependency. No modification of JVM options,
  the agent artifact is embedded within the packaged application binary. Refer to the {apm-java-ref-v}/setup-attach-api.html[Java agent documentation] for more information on this setup method.

> 

Reviewer: I'm confused about how these three options relate to the rest of the content for the Java agent.

Also if these three options are not sequential steps, I would recommend an unordered list instead of an ordered one.

Author: Yeah, fair point. Previously, we only displayed the `-javaagent` method of setting up the Java agent. There is no recommended path to set up the agent, so I attempted to briefly explain all three before diving into one. I'll try moving this section down and see what that looks like.

Author: Fixed in b4f3240

+
[source,bash]
----
curl -o 'elastic-apm-agent.jar' -L 'https://oss.sonatype.org/service/local/artifact/maven/redirect?r=releases&g=co.elastic.apm&a=elastic-apm-agent&v=LATEST'
----

*Add `-javaagent` flag*

When starting your application, add the JVM flag `-javaagent:/path/to/elastic-apm-agent-<version>.jar`

*Generic setup*

Start your application (for example a Spring Boot application or other embedded servers) and add the `-javaagent` JVM flag.
Use the `-D` prefix to configure the agent using system properties.

[source,bash]
----
java -javaagent:/path/to/elastic-apm-agent-<version>.jar -Delastic.apm.service_name=my-cool-service -Delastic.apm.application_packages=org.example,org.another.example -Delastic.apm.server_url=http://127.0.0.1:8200 -jar my-application.jar
----

*Learn more in the agent reference*

* {apm-java-ref-v}/setup.html[Complete setup instructions]
* {apm-java-ref-v}/supported-technologies-details.html[Supported technologies]

// end::java[]

// ***************************************************
// ***************************************************

// tag::net[]
*Set up the {apm-agent}*

The .NET agent can be added to an application in three different ways

> Profiler runtime instrumentation::

Reviewer: Maybe use an unordered list here like suggested in the previous comment? Or use description lists for both?

Author: Fixed in b4f3240

*Install the agent*

Install the agent using one of the https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-php/releases/latest[packages for supported platforms].

To use the RPM Package (RHEL/CentOS and Fedora):

[source,bash]
----
rpm -ivh <package-file>.rpm
----

To use the DEB package (Debian and Ubuntu):

[source,bash]
----
dpkg -i <package-file>.deb
----

To use the APK package (Alpine):

[source,bash]
----
apk add --allow-untrusted <package-file>.apk
----

If you can’t find your distribution, you can install the agent by building it from the source.
The following instructions will build the APM agent using the same docker environment that Elastic uses to build our official packages.

NOTE: The agent is currently only available for Linux operating system.

1. Download the agent source from https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-php/.

> 2. Execute the following commands to build the agent and install it:

Reviewer: Is there supposed to be a code block immediately following this line? Or should lines 383-385 be removed?

Author: Fixed in b4f3240
